The coefficient calculator calculates coefficients for evaluation functions.

Each evaluation function ("Eval") requires, for each number of empties from 0-63, an int[][] called a "slice" which it reads
in from a file. It is the coefficient calculator's job to write this file.

The Eval is made up of Terms, for example "north edge disk pattern".
Each Term has a Feature. The Feature determines the 'orid', an index into the coefficient array. Multiple Terms
may share a Feature; for example each of the four edges shares the Feature "edge disk pattern". This is so that all
reflections of the board are evaluated the same way.

The Eval determines all distinct Features in an array. For each Feature, its iFeature is its index into this array.
The Eval's evaluation is the sum, over all Terms, of slice[iFeature][orid]

The coefficient file format is simply the coefficients for each feature written one after another as binary ints.

Internals
---------

The Coefficient Calculator calculates one slice at a time. It stores the slice coefficients as a double[],
mapping them to the file format at the end of its run.

The input to the Coefficient Calculator is a set of positions with values (the PositionValue class) in a file.
If the file doesn't exist the Coefficient Calculator creates one by creating a large number of positions and valuing them
via playout.

The Coefficient Calculator then uses the conjugate gradient method to minimize the sum of squared error between
the PositionValue and its value. To speed things up, each PositionValue is turned into a PositionElement which
contains the orids for each feature; in terms of the conjugate gradient method, a PositionElement is a sparse matrix
representation of a row of the A matrix.

The method, as described so far, works poorly for orids that occur rarely; they can get large spurious values. An
orid that occurs exactly once will be assigned the entire difference between the playout value and the value
 of the rest of the position. To decrease the impact of rarely occurring orids, a penalty for large coefficients
 is added to the optimization function. The optimization function thus becomes

   OptimizationFunction = sum of squared errors + constant * sum of squared coefficients

Orids which rarely or never occur are still poorly valued; in particular, very large mobility values tend to be valued
close to 0. This is because coefficients are determined independently from one another. In the case of mobility,
however, we expect a structure to the coefficients; typically more mobility is better. We can use this fact
to improve the estimation of the mobility coefficients.